# Profile

<img src="/images/profile.jpg" class="top right" />

Talented and educated software engineer with a strong desire to build quality 
products that delight and empower users. Places high value in clear and 
thoughtful interface and software design.  Takes pride in high-quality products 
and strives for excellence in engineering and user experience. Has experience in
projects with hundreds of concurrent contributors with dozens of integrated 
technologies both proprietary and public.

# <i class="fa fa-suitcase" aria-hidden="true"></i> Career

## YouTube <span class="subtitle">2016-present</span>

Engineer on the YouTube Android app. Tech lead since 2020. responsible for 
guiding the technical direction of the project, coordinating engineering efforts
among a small team, and for building and releasing several projects over the 
years.

Strong experiences working with small and large teams, leading a small 
fast-paced team, shipping a product to literally billions of users, weekly and 
daily release schedules, automated and end-to-end testing, Android development, 
collaborating closely with third parties, adopting bleeding-edge features, and 
guiding the prolific use of reactive streams (RxJava) throughout the codebase. 
Some experiences with iOS, frontend, and backend development. Proactive in code 
health and engineering excellence conversations, including leading a code health
reading group, volunteering as a readability reviewer, publishing internal code 
health documents, and pushing for scalable and maintainable software designs.

## 7400 Circuits <span class="subtitle">2015</span>

Designed and developed a cross-platform desktop application for users to 
transfer data onto and pull data from a modified NEO GEO Pocket game cartridge. 
Maintained an Android and iOS game, adding support for Chinese, Japanese, and 
Korean character sets. Gained experience in project management, interface design
and programming, communication protocols, automated tooling, and QT.

## BlackHills.com <span class="subtitle">2013-2015</span>

Designed and built numerous web sites for a variety of small businesses. Using 
modern design and web techniques to build sites that met unique requirements and
were accessible. Gained experience in server-side scripting and stylesheets 
following industry best practices (at the time).

# <i class="fa fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></i> Education

## B.S. of Computer Science <span class="subtitle">2012-2016</span>

Graduated from the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology. Was involved in 
numerous groups, including the programming team, the local ACM chapter, and the 
game development club.

## SDSM&amp;T Programming Team <span class="subtitle">2014-2016</span>

Competed in the 2017 ACM-ICPC World Finals in Phuket, Thailand, representing the
school, state, and country among other accomplished schools from around the 
world.

# <i class="fa fa-gamepad" aria-hidden="true"></i> Skills &amp; Hobbies

android | qt | love2d | unity | git | mercurial | android&nbsp;studio | 
visual&nbsp;studio | intellij | bash | java | c++ | lua | python | html | css | 
reactive&nbsp;streams

game&nbsp;development | web&nbsp;development | video&nbsp;gaming |
magic&nbsp;the&nbsp;gathering | user&nbsp;interface&nbsp;design |
visual&nbsp;design | snowboarding | rock&nbsp;climbing | traveling
